x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   18  17  16  15  14  13  12  11  10  9   8   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   19  x   S   x   x   x   x   1   x   x   x   x   7   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   20  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   2   x   x   x   6   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   21  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   3   4   5   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   22  S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   23  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   24  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   25  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   26  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   27  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   28  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x 150   29  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x  149  x   30  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x   x  148  x   x   31  S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x  147  x   x   x   32  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x  146  x   x   x   33  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
x   x  145  x   x   x   x   34  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  151  Y   Y   Y   Y   
x   x  144  x   x   x   x   x   35  36  37  38  39  40  41  42  43  44  45  46  47  48  49  50  51  52  53  54  55  56  57  58  x   Y   Y   Y
x   x  143  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x   59  x   Y   Y
x   x  142  S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x   x   x   x   60  x   Y   
x   x  141  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  119 118 117 116 115 114  x   x   x   x   x   61 152  
x   x  140  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  120  x   x   x   x   x   x  113  x   x   x   x   x   62 
x   x   x  139  x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x  121  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  112  x   x   x   x   63  
x   x   x   x  138 137 136 135 134 133 132 131 130 129 128 127 126 125 124 123 122  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  111  x   x   x   64  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  110  x   S   65  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  109  x   x   66  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  108  x   x   67  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  107  x   x   68  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  106  x   x   69  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   95  96  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  105  S   x   70  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   94  x   x   97  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  104  x   x   71  
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   93  x   x   x   98  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  103  x   S   72  x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   92  x   x   x   x  99   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x  102  x   x   73  x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   91  x   S   x   x  100  x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   S  101  x   74  x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   90  89  88  87  86  85  84  83  82  81  80  79  78  77  76  75  x   x   x   x   
x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   x   
